# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes (draft)

_This draft needs to be approved by the PGB._

## Date:  11 August 2021

**Participants:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade, Chair) , Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain), Ken Montgomery (CompTIA), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group). 
**Guests:** Kenneth Bengtsson (UBL TC), Chet Ensign (OASIS)

**Meeting Minutes:** Chet Ensign

**Agenda:**

* Roll call
	* Todd opened the meeting with a roll call and an agenda overview.

* Minutes 
	* Todd asked for consensus to approve the minutes from the July meeting. No objections were raised. Minutes were approved. 

* UBL certificates of origin

	* Kenneth introduced himself as chair of the OASIS Universal Business Language (UBL) Technical Committee. Todd discussed certificate of origin as a UBL document very relevant to the OP's work. Kenneth provides background on how UBL is organized and how its standard vocabulary feeds into its 90+ document types. 

	Emphasis for UBL is to achieve interoperability of documents between different trade systems. Content going from one part of a system into a certificate of origin will use elements of UBL's standard vocabulary. 


	Kenneth noted that any systems that would use OriginBX would likely already be using UBL. 

  Todd asked if there was any way to track analytics, e.g. how often a UBL document is created. Kenneth said that information would be spread across processing systems so no, today there is not. However, he noted that a blockchain application would be an excellent way to accomplish that. 

	Brian noted that a cert of origin asserts that it has the background content / documents to backup its assertion even though the information is not in the document itself. Asks if that could be made accessible using UBL. Kenneth agrees that it could. Tracks back to manufacturing input. Brian asks if there is a way in UBL to manage access rights to content, e.g. for tax authority versus the customer. Chet notes that the OASIS standards under XACML (OASIS eXtensible Access Control Markup Language) exists to enable precisely that. (See https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=xacml)

	Kenneth expressed his interest in continuing to be involved with the OriginBX project.


* Update from Sriram on progress w/ M&M WG

	* Sriram noted that Carol has helped with outreach. He reported on 2 meetings: GM and a group of mining companies that Oswald lined up. 

	* Consensus is that this is very relevant. The difficulty will be finding the right person in each organization to engage in the work. Noted that the people he talked with appear to be engaged in their companies carbon tracking work. 

	The mining group noted that the bodies that do certification today don't have any standards. People wondered whether they shouldn't wait for that to happen. 

	* Todd asks who the people were who were involved. S says that wasn't clear but that these were all people involved with carbon tracking. 

	* Todd asked if there are any calls to action? Discussion about how to hunt for / identify who will be interested. Todd says it is whoever wears that hat 'Trade Compliance' should be contacted. New initiative starting up at companies now SESG - Sustainable Environmental Social Governance - and those groups are coming closer together because trade control is who is enforcing it. 

* Formation of other working groups 

	* Todd is asking Ken to help start up a technology working group 

* AOB? 

	* No other business was raised. Todd thanked Kenneth for coming today. 

The meeting was adjourned. 



