# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes (draft)

## Date: 13 October 2021:


**Present:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade), Oswald Kuyler (International Chamber of Commerce), Mark ONeill (tradefact), Thomas Fahey (Accenture), Ben Stiling (Amazon), Chris Rubio (UPS), Ken Montgomery (CompTIA), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group),  Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain, Inc)

**Regrets:** Lisa McAuley, (Global Trade Professionals Alliance (GTPA), Elizabeth Connel (Thomson Reuters)

**Guests:** Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chris Korson (KYG Trade)


Notes: 11 PGB members, 6 needed for quorum


## Agenda:

* Roll call
  * There is a quorum
    
* Approving Minutes 
  * postponed to next meeting
  
* Introductions:
  * New PGB member Mark O’Neill introduces himself. Guest Chris Korson (KYG Trade) introduces himself.
    
* Recently Introduced Legislation
  * Todd started a spreadsheet to track Country of Origin legislation
  * AI: Will be made available on GH

* Mining and Minerals+ESG Working Group Update
  * Sriram gives a brief update on a call with Minehub representatives. Thank you to Parm for the intro. Oswald explains what Minehub is. They seem interested in joining OriginBX.

* Update on banking WG formation
  * Oswald introduces the work of the banking commission within the ICC. There is a Sustainability in Finance WG which could be interesting to collaborate with, also a WG on API in Banking.
  * ICC doesn’t have standard capabilities, so OriginBX could help to bridge that gap.

* Formation of other Working Groups
  * Formation of Apparel and Footwear WG 
     * Brian: looking into forming the working group, speaking to the Canadian Apparel Federation (CAF). Planning call in the next week or so.
  * Electronics WG formation
    * Brief update from Ken, working with Carol to set up a potential stakeholder call.

* In Person Conference
  Carol reminds the board that it’s never too early to plan a conference, for instance for 2022, and that OASIS has an Event Manager who can help with events planning.

* Other business
  * Brief discussion on engaging Advisory Council members
    * Oswald has a meeting scheduled with the OECD

* Adjourn
