# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes

## Date: 8 September 2021

## Agenda for September 8, 2021 PGB Meeting:
* Roll call
* Call to order
* Approve Minutes 
* Approve Co-Chair
* Recently Introduced Legislation
* OASIS Open Matters Podcast on ORBX
* Mining and Minerals+ESG Working Group Update
* Formation of other working groups
  * Spotlight COMPtia
* In Person Conference
* Other business
* Adjourn

**Participants:** Srinivasan Sriram, Todd R. Smith, Ken Montgomery , Brian Staples

**Guests:** Carol Geyer, Claudia Rauch, Parm Sangha, Raoul Renard (sitting in for Oswald Kuyler)

**Regrets:** Tom Fahey, Oswald Kuyler, Ben Stiling, Lisa McAuley, Chris Rubio

* Meeting minutes from the last meeting in August are approved.

* Approval of co-chair:
  * Todd motions to appoint Oswald as a co-chair. 4 PGB members voted yes.
  * Oswald confirms on the mailing list that he is also voting for himself, so he is approved as co-chair.

* Recently Introduced Legislation
  * New legislation is being introduced in the US, regarding Country of Origin. Todd introduces the topic and points out that this will make the work of the project even more important. There is a longer discussion about the adoption of standards and documentation. 

* OASIS Open Matters Podcast on ORBX
  * Todd is the guest in the most recent episode of OASIS’ Open Matters podcast talking about OriginBX. Promotion will start on 9 September. He asks the other PGB    members to help promote the episode once it is released. The link and info will be sent to the PGB mailing list

* Mining and Minerals+ESG Working Group Update
  * Sriram gives an update on the WG. August has been a slow month because of vacation. A challenge is to identify the right individuals in various organizations.     Carol adds that it’s interesting that banks are showing a big interest in this working group. Automotive is a bit trickier to find the right people. There have been two productive calls for potential new members. 
  * Parm mentions that he could make introductions to two groups/platform that might be interested: Responsible Sourcing Network and Minehub

* Formation of other working groups 
  * Spotlight CompTIA
    * Ken: meeting scheduled for 16 September with the CompTIA membership. Topic: how CompTIA can best provide input in the tech space, Todd and Carol will give short presentations.
    
* In Person Conference    
  * Carol: pre-COVID, industry conferences used to be good opportunities for PGB members to get together and OASIS can help to get booths and rooms for get-togethers with potential stakeholders and collaborators.
  * Todd spoke with Oswald, the annual APAC conference will take place in Thailand in November, and OriginBX could promote the project there.
  * AI: The PGB members should put together a list of conferences that they usually attend and that would be interesting for the OriginBX project.

* Other business
  * Todd informs the group that Emmanuelle Ganne has approval to serve as a representative of the WTO on the OriginBX advisory board.
  * Carol asks the participants if they have any other contacts at trade policy setting organisations that might be interested in joining the Advisory Council.     There are no fees attached, calls will be quarterly.

* Adjourn
