# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes

_Minutes approved at August 11 2021 meeting_

## Date: 14 July 2021

**Participants:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade, Chair) , Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain), Chris Rubio (UPS), Oswald Kuyler (ICC), Ken Montgomery (CompTIA), Thomas Fahey (Accenture), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group), Lisa McAuley (GTPA)
**Regrets:** Ben Stiling (Amazon)
**Guests:**  Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Meeting Minutes:** Claudia Rauch

**Agenda:**

* Roll call
	* Todd opens the meeting with a roll call and an agenda overview.
	Oswald Kuyler is joining the meeting for the first time and briefly introduces himself.

* Approve Advisory Council Charter
	* A poll for approving the charter for the Advisory Council was sent out a week ago. Ballot will close at midnight UTC, today, but ballot has already passed. The AC charter is approved. The AC will be set up to facilitate exchange between trade policy makers and industry.

* UBL syntax deliverables
	* Todd reports from his call with Kenneth Bengtsson Holman from the UBL TC. He wants to invite Ken to the next PGB call. There are no objections. Cross-project collaboration is the goal.

* Sriram:  Mining and Minerals+ESG Working Group Formation
	* [Lisa McAuley joins and briefly introduces herself. Her organization is set up to harmonize trade facilitation standards.]
	* Sriram introduces the statement of purpose for the formation of the Mining and Minerals + ESG Working Group. The draft document was sent to the PGB members prior to the call. Todd adds the aim is not to come up with a new certification standard, but to define how to capture the product attributes so that a certification authority can work with these. Chet comments that this sounds more like a data dictionary and not a business process. Sriram adds, not so much a data dictionary but data representation with a set of core attributes. 
	* There is a conversation about the details of the WG statement of purpose, and Sriram thanks the group for their feedback. Todd asks the group for potential collaborators for the WG. Sriram says, producers and consumer groups, government bodies who will be involved in the certification process etc. Sriram offers to put together a broad list share it with the group to add their contacts.
	* Todd moves to form the Mining and Minerals WG and to appoint Sriram as the chair of this working group. The motion is approved.
	
* Formation of other working groups
	* Todd invites everyone to suggest other working groups, eg. apparel and footwear, “facilitators”/logistics,…  Lisa suggests eCommerce/SMIs. Lisa adds sustainability and climate change related policies (e.g. EU carbon tax) should be on the agenda for the project, or maybe a specific working group to help understand how to support businesses in terms of sustainability and carbon tax introduction in the EU. 

* Other business
	* Meeting schedule
		* The group agrees to meet every 4 weeks, Wednesday at the same time. 
		* Todd will send out a recurring invite.

* Adjourn












