# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes 

## Date: 12 Januar 2022

**Present:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade),Oswald Kuyler (International Chamber of Commerce), Ken Montgomery (CompTIA), Chris Rubio (UPS), Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain, Inc), Thomas Fahey (Accenture), Clifton Roberts (Intel), Ben Stiling (Amazon), Elizabeth Connell (Thomson Reuters), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group)

**Regrets:** Michelle Stout

**Guests:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chris Korson (KYG Trade)

Notes: 10 PGB members, 6 needed for quorum

**Agenda**
* Call to order
  * Clifton Roberts from Intel introduces himself, joining on behalf of Michelle Stout
  
* Approve Minutes 
  * Todd motions to approves the minutes for the December PGB meeting. The minutes are approved.

* ORBX GitHub Repo Update
  * No update during the meeting.

* Oswald ICC Update
  * Oswald has been working on a framework for sustainable finance for the ICC
  * ICC announced Digital Trade Legal reform board

* Working Group Governance (Vote On WG Policy)
  * Brief intro to the policy by Carol
  * Todd motions to approve the WG policy. The motion is seconded by Oswald. The group takes a vote. 
    * The motion is approved with 9 Yes votes.

* Working Group Updates:
  * Apparel and Footwear WG
    * Todd gives a brief update
    * Brian: he talked with the Canadian Apparel Federation (CAF), his contact can make intros to their members, which in turn might be interested in sponsoring and contributing
  * Electronics WG
    * Ken reports: he will set up an intro meeting for CompTIA members today
    * Next WG meeting will be organized in the second half of January
  * Trade Finance WG
    * Discussions with Coriolis
      * Oswald suggest that the PGB invites Coriolis CEO, Carol is meeting with her this Thursday
  * Mining and Minerals WG
    * Sriram reports: Mitsubishi showed interest, miners need to be involved. 
  * Formation of other working groups
    * Automotive: Todd has had a couple of promising discussions with OEMs

* Other business
  * Carol informs the group of the nomination of the OrigingBX OP for the OASIS 2021 Open Cup. The virtual awards ceremony will take place on 19 January.
  
* Adjourn

