# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes 

## Date: 13 April 2022

**Present:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade), Ken Montgomery (CompTIA), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group), Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain, Inc), Hannah Nguyen (ICC), Greta Villagran (Pinary)

**Regrets:** Chris Rubio (UPS), Thomas Fahey (Accenture), Ben Stiling (Amazon), Elizabeth Connell (Thomson Reuters), Michelle Stout (Intel), Oswald Kuyler (MonetaGo)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chris Korson (KYG Trade), Patrik Jonasson (GS1), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Pooja Sanghvi (Accenture)

_Notes:_ 11 PGB members, 6 needed for quorum

## Agenda    
* Call to order
* Approveal of Minutes
* Welcome GS1.ORG
  * Intro from Patrik Jonasson, GS1 recently joined as a new sponsor
* Time of PGB Meetings Discussion
   * Discussion about alternating times to accommodate various time zones
   * Agreement to stick to the current time for now, might revisit when more members from the Asia Pacific region join and when we shift to daylight    savings time
* Ukraine War PGB Statement Discussion
  * As a nonprofit organization with a diverse and open stakeholder base, OASIS maintains a neutral position on political policy matters. Except as they   affect specific protocol or code recommendations, and generally as to debates about policy, those issues are not appropriate for OASIS technical development channels, and should be taken to other forums.
* Marketing
  * Jane Harnad, OASIS' event manager, shares a list of conferences that might be of interest to OriginBX. Jane can help submit presentations to CfPs with the help of OriginBX members for presentations on the OriginBX project. PGB members are invited to update the list. Please reach out to Claudia or Jane to get the link to the event list.
* Working Group Updates:
  * Apparel and Footwear WG
    * Todd is working on onboarding a co-chair
    * Brian says a next step could be to approach the AAFA 
    * ICC’s Customs & Trade Facilitation Commission has a new Rules of Origin Working Group - Brian suggests that there could be a presentation from OriginBX to this ICC Working Group
  * Electronics WG
    * Ken gives a brief update: Webinar on “The Use of Blockchain and Confidential Computing Technology” will take place later today. It will be recorded.
    * Intel has agreed to provide a use case
  * Mining and Minerals WG
    * no update
  * Trade Finance WG
    * Discussions with potential co-chairs
  * Patrik asks about a list of working groups. Todd mentions plans for standing up an Automotive WG and a Pharmaceutical WG. AI: Todd to send statement of purpose for these to Claudia to be added to the project website.
  * Hannah asks about information on governance and statements of work for the working groups. AI: Todd and Claudia to send information
* Other business
* Adjourn
