# OriginBX Open Project PGB minutes

## Date: 9 August 2023

**Present:** Todd R. Smith (KYG Trade), Linda Cheung (Intel), Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain, Inc), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group), 

**Regrets:** Greta Villagran (Pinary), Thomas Fahey (Accenture), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch, Harm Jan van Burg (OASIS), Timothy Witham (Intel), Karen Murphy, Chris Korson

_Notes:_ 6 PGB members, 4 needed for quorum

## Agenda

* Role call
* Introduction to LEI Working Group
  * Todd says that a draft charter has been submitted to the PGB chairs for review and will be shared with the group ahead of the next meeting via the OriginBX google drive
  * Once all comments are resolved, the PGB will take a simple majority vote to approve the resolution to stand up a new WG
* WCO Data Model Integration and Cooperation
* Working Group Updates:
  * Electronics WG - Wookie Update/Intel
    * Wookie shared a preview of the JSON schema
    * Claudia shared information about the OASIS release process via email with Wookie and other members of the Tech WG
* Other business
  * Todd had a meeting with representatives of AiAG (Automotive Industry Action Group). Next Meeting in October. Potential contacts for an Automotive WG. 
  * Harm Jan has a contact who is very knowledgeable in the area of standardization (and origin topics) of airplane parts
  * Brian says WCO is hosting a Global Origin Conference 2023 in Chile in November, he might attend. Potential for submitting a talk?
  * Short discussion regarding product passports; Harm Jan is explaining the topic.
    * https://cirpassproject.eu/
* Adjourn
